Kirito-kun,
if you still insist, win her with your sword—your dual wielding.
If you defeat me in a duel, we will relinquish Asuna-kun to you.
But should you lose, you must join the Knights of the Blood.
Very well.
If you want to let our swords do the talking, I have no problems with that.
Let's settle this with a duel.
Hurry, the good seats are almost sold out!
Jeez, you stupid, reckless idiot!
Why did you accept his challenge?
Sorry! I'm sorry.
I just took his bait without thinking.
When I saw your Dual Wielding before, I thought
your strength was on a completely different level.
But even so, the commander's
Unique Skill is no less amazing.
Well, I've seen it first-hand several times.
The technique that boasts both attack and defense,
Sacred Sword.
His offensive power is high, but it's his defense that's particularly astounding.
There isn't a soul that's seen the
commander's HP drop to the yellow zone.
That invincibility practically breaks the game's balance.
I know.
What are you gonna do?
If you lose, then forget my leave, you'll be forced to join the Knights of the Blood.
Well, I don't plan to go down without a fight.
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
My apologies, Kirito-kun.
I didn't expect it to turn out like this.
I'll be taking a cut of the earnings.
No.
After our match, you'll be a member of our guild.
I'll have you consider this to be a mission.
His shield?!
Your reaction time is impressive.
And your defense is practically impenetrable.
Wow! Go get 'em!
I'm not done yet.
I can go even faster!
Kirito-kun...
He's open!
What?!
D-Didn't I ask for a plain-looking outfit?
That's one of the simplest outfits we have.
Yep, you look great in it.
A guild, huh?
Looks like I got you dragged into all this.
Well, it may have been time.
I was about to hit the limits of solo play anyways.
If that's how you see it, I'm glad.
Say, Kirito-kun.
Can you tell me something?
Why do you avoid guilds—and people?
It's not just because you're a beta tester or possess a Unique Skill, right?
You're a kind person, after all.
It was a long time ago.
Over a year ago, I think.
I used to be in a guild.
Myself included, it was just a small group of six.
We were called the Black Cats of the Full Moon.
The truth is, their levels were far below mine.
When they invited me, I thought they would've retracted their offer if I told them my level.
So I lied about it and joined their guild.
Back then, the homey atmosphere around them became something I longed for.
But one day...
I'm responsible for all of their deaths.
If I hadn't hid the fact that I was a beater,
they would have heeded my warning about the traps.
The one who killed them all, including Sachi, was me.
I won't die.
After all, I'm the one who's protecting you.
Training?
That's right.
You'll be joining me in forming a party of three in order to clear the dungeon on this floor.
Wait, Godfree.
Kirito-kun is with me—
Even if you're the vice commander, it'd be problematic for you to ignore regulations.
And besides, he's a new member, so as forward commander, I need to see the extent of his abilities.
S-Someone of your level would be a pushover for Kirito-kun!
Well then, in half an hour, we'll
assemble at the town's west gate!
Just when I thought we finally had some alone time...
I'll be back before you know it.
Wait here while I'm gone.
Okay.
Take care.
Hey, over here!
What's the meaning of this?
Oh, now that you've become one of our comrades,
I thought it'd be good to make the past water under the bridge.
I apologize for the trouble I caused you the other day.
It won't happen ever again, so please forgive me.
S-Sure.
There, problem solved.
Now then, today I'd like to see how you
handle yourselves in the face of a crisis,
so I'll be holding onto all of your crystals.
Even our teleport crystals?
Yep.
Fine.
Great!
Now, off we go, men!
Yeah...
Okay, we'll take a break here.
I'll hand out rations now.
Paralytic poison!
Wh-What's the meaning of this?
The one who provided the water...
Kuradeel, don't tell me...
Hurry, the antidote crystals!
Godfree-san.
I knew you were pretty dimwitted,
but it looks like you're a total meathead!
Wh-What are you doing?
S-Stop it!
Listen up.
Our party was...
in a field when it was assaulted by a large group of criminal players!
Two of us fell, fighting bravely in vain!
Although I was the last one standing, I succeeded in repelling the criminals and returned safely!
Hey.
Just because of a brat like you, I ended up having to kill an innocent person.
Despite killing him with a smile on your face?
Why would someone like you join the Knights of the Blood?
A criminal guild would've been a much better fit!
Interesting of you to say that.
You've got good eyes.
That's the PK guild, Laughing Coffin!
I picked up how to make the paralysis poison there.
Oh, I'm getting sidetracked.
If I don't end the chatter here, the poison will wear off.
How about we go straight to the end?
The poison still isn't wearing off?
Well, how does it feel?!
What's it like being on the brink of death?
Come on, feel free to share!
Am I...
Am I going to die like this?
Hey, come on!
Say something!
You're really gonna die!
Oh, what's this?
So you are afraid of dying.
That's right.
I can't... die just yet!
Really?
That's how it's gotta be!
Die! Die!
Die!
Heal!
I made it...
I made it!
Thank God... I made it.
While I was monitoring your location on the map,
Godfree's marker disappeared,
so I thought something must've happened...
You're alive...
You're alive, aren't you, Kirito-kun?
Yeah, I am.
Wait here.
I'll finish this quickly.
A-Asuna-sama, this is just training.
Yes, we had a small accident while training—
Damn!
O-Okay, I understand!
I'm sorry!
I'll leave the guild!
I'll never appear before you ever again!
So please!
I don't want to die!
You're too naïve, Vice Commander!
You damn murderer.
I'm sorry.
This...
This is all my fault, isn't it?
Asuna...
I'm sorry.
I... w-won't...
bother you...
ever again.
My life is yours, Asuna.
So I'll live for your sake.
Until the very end, let's be together!
Likewise...
I'll protect you, no matter what.
From now until all of eternity.
So...
Regardless of what may come, I will send you back...
to the real world.
Asuna.
Today...
Tonight, I want to be with you.
Okay.
S-Stop staring.
Ki-Kirito-kun, hurry up and take off your clothes.
It's too embarrassing if I'm the only one undressed.
No, wait!
I only...
intended to stay in the same room with you for the night.
I wasn't suggesting... anything.
Y-Y-You...
jerk!
Sorry, did I wake you up?
Yeah.
I dreamed a little.
About the real world.
It's weird.
I dreamed about what would happen if my experiences
with you and in Aincrad were all just a dream.
I was really scared.
Thank goodness... this isn't a dream.
That's silly.
You don't want to go back?
I do.
I do, but I don't want the time we spent here to disappear.
To me, these two years are precious.
This is how I really feel.
Say, Kirito-kun.
Do you think we could stay away from the front lines for a while?
For some reason, I'm scared.
I have a feeling that if we head straight back, something terrible will happen again.
Maybe I'm just a little tired.
You're right.
I'm kinda tired too.
In the southwest area of the 22nd Floor, there's a small village surrounded by forestry and a lake.
Let's move there together.
And then...
And then?
Let's...
Let's get married.
Okay!
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru